docs(alerting): add section about running redis for HA (#73153)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/set-up/configure-high-availability/_index.md

You can enable alerting high availability support by updating the Grafana configuration file. If you run Grafana in a Kubernetes cluster, additional steps are required. Both options are described below.
Please note that the deduplication is done for the notification, but the alert will still be evaluated on every Grafana instance. This means that events in alerting state history will be duplicated by the number of Grafana instances running.

> ## Enable alerting high availability in Grafana with Memberlist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable alerting high availability in Grafana using Memberlist
```

3. Set `[ha_listen_address]` to the instance IP address using a format of `host:port` (or the [Pod's](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/) IP in the case of using Kubernetes).
   By default, it is set to listen to all interfaces (`0.0.0.0`).
4. Set `[ha_peer_timeout]` in the `[unified_alerting]` section of the custom.ini to specify the time to wait for an instance to send a notification via the Alertmanager. The default value is 15s, but it may increase if Grafana servers are located in different geographic regions or if the network latency between them is high.

## Enable alerting high availability in Grafana using Redis

As an alternative to Memberlist, you can use Redis for high availability. This is useful if you want to have a central
database for HA and cannot support the meshing of all Grafana servers.

1. Make sure you have a redis server that supports pub/sub. If you use a proxy in front of your redis cluster, make sure the proxy supports pub/sub.
2. In your custom configuration file ($WORKING_DIR/conf/custom.ini), go to the [unified_alerting] section.
3. Set `ha_redis_address` to the redis server address Grafana should connect to.

> 4. [Optional] Set the username and password if authentification is enabled on the redis server using `ha_redis_username` and `ha_redis_password`.

Author: ```suggestion
4. [Optional] Set the username and password if authentication is enabled on the redis server using `ha_redis_username` and `ha_redis_password`.
```

>    By default, it is set to listen to all interfaces (`0.0.0.0`).

Reviewer: what is set to listen to all interfaces? is there anything the user needs to do here before they get going?

Author: Not sure what you mean, but I don't think we need to extend on it.

> 4. Set `[ha_peer_timeout]` in the `[unified_alerting]` section of the custom.ini to specify the time to wait for an instance to send a notification via the Alertmanager. The default value is 15s, but it may increase if Grafana servers are located in different geographic regions or if the network latency between them is high

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set `[ha_peer_timeout]` in the `[unified_alerting]` section of the custom.ini to specify the time to wait for an instance to send a notification via the Alertmanager. The default value is 15s, but it may increase if Grafana servers are located in different geographic regions or if the network latency between them is high.
```

> ## Enable alerting high availability in Grafana with Redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable alerting high availability in Grafana using Redis
```

> As an alternative to Memberlist you can use Redis for high availability. This might be useful if you want to have a central
> database for HA and cannot support the meshing of all Grafana Servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to Memberlist, you can use Redis for high availability. This is useful if you want to have a central
database for HA and cannot support the meshing of all Grafana servers.
```

> 1. Have a redis server that supports pub/sub. Make sure that if you use a proxy in front of your redis cluster, the proxy does support pub/sub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have a redis server that supports pub/sub. If you use a proxy in front of your redis cluster, make sure the proxy supports pub/sub.
```

2. In your custom configuration file ($WORKING_DIR/conf/custom.ini), go to the [unified_alerting] section.
3. Set `ha_redis_address` to the redis server address Grafana should connect to.

> 4. (Optional) Set the username and password if authentification is enabled on the redis server using `ha_redis_username` and `ha_redis_password`.
> 5. (Optional) Set `ha_redis_prefix` to something unique if you plan to share the redis server with multiple Grafana instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Optional] Set the username and password if authentification is enabled on the redis server using `ha_redis_username` and `ha_redis_password`.
5. [Optional] Set `ha_redis_prefix` to something unique if you plan to share the redis server with multiple Grafana instances.
```
